If you owned a professional sports team, what would be your team name?
What always puts a smile on your face?
What superpower would you want to have?
What word or phrase is always fun to say?
What one thing do you wish was smaller?
what would you refuse to do for $1,000,000?
What two food items, when combined, would make the most disgusting concoction ever?
What should everyone be able to try once in their life?
What would you like to try again? 
What does not require much skill?
What would you title your autobiography (don't use your name in the title)?
What would complete your outfit right now> 
What is the most common compliment that you receive?
If every activity was an Olympic event, in what event would you win the gold? 
What would you be willing to devote your life to doing/accomplishing? 
If you were to change your last name, what would you change it to?
What is way too dangerous for you to ever try? 
If you ran for mayor, what would be your campaign slogan? 
What would you do if you really wanted to annoy someone? 
What is a strange phobia? 
What mistake do you hope to never make? 
If you could hypnotize all the players of this game to do one thing, what would it be? 
What do people not do enough of today? 
What is a terrible thing to encourage someone to do more regularly? 
Where is the worst place to sleep for the night? 
What are you thinking about right now? 
What have you never tried? 
If you could dis-invent one thing, what would it be? 
What do you need more of right now? 
What would a "tough guy" never do?
If you were a talk show host, whom would you want as your first guest? 
What would be your food of choice in an eating contest? 
What is the #1 thing on your "to do list"? 
What made-up museum would you love to visit? 
What is a good sign that someone is easy-going? 
What is you most annoying habit? 
For what store would you love to win a shopping spree? 
What would you like to have delivered to your doorstep every morning? 
What award would you not want to win? 
What are you thankful you're not doing right now? 
What profession have you always admired? 
If you were to start a new collection, what would it be 
What could you probably not lift over your head? 
What word do you consistently misspell? 
What are you always complaining about? 
What do you consider your worst feature?
If you wrote a love song, what would you title it? 
What has always been your lifelong dream? 
If you could have a view of anything from your bedroom, what would you choose?
What could an elderly person do that you would consider very impressive? 
Where would you not mind waiting for a long time?
What is something you demand?
If you had a pet monster, what would you name it? 
If you could keep any fictional creature as a pet, what would you keep?
If you could keep any animal as a pet and guarantee your safety and the safety of others, what would you keep? 
What is a sure sign that a job interview is going horribly? 
If you could be an expert on any one subject, what would you choose?
If you started a secret society, what would you call it? 
What song can you sing surprisingly well? 
What American President to you most admire? 
What are you embarrassed to admit right now? 
What is something you hope to keep for the rest of your life?
If you had to bet your life on one prediction, what would you predict? 
What sounds like the greatest class to take in college? 
What one thing would you change/add to make air travel more enjoyable? 
If you could possess one animal-like quality, what would you choose? 
What would you like to eat a lot of right now? 
What two words best describe your life? 
If you could be the best at one sport, what would you choose? 
What would give you an immediate headache? 
What do you refuse to share? 
What would take way too much practice for you to master? 
If you were invisible, where would you go? 
What do you consider the funniest movie you've seen? 
What would you like to never think about again? 
What would you like to treat yourself to? 
Whom would you love to have as your next-door neighbor? 
Who is the world's worst role-model? 
When is it a great time to be first in line?
What do people place way too much importance on? 
What is a strange thing to wear around your neck?
Where would you like to go on your next vacation? 
If you started a rock band, what would you call it? 
What is something you wish money could buy? 
Where is a great place to be lost without any cares in the world? 
What is the #1 thing in this world that concerns you? 
What would you not expect to find in a safe? 
If you're holding the remote, what is likely on TV? 
What should you not wait until the last minute to complete? 
What is a terrible last name to assume upon marriage?
What makes you really sleepy? 
What thought just raced into your head? 
What is a great name for a retirement community? 
What is a strange reason to dislike someone? 
If you could name a new celebratory food day (i.e. taco tuesday) what would you choose? 
What movie do you quote often?
When is it a bad time to be clumsy?
If you could switch lies with one person for a single day, whom would you choose? 
Where is a strange place to vacation?
What would you be surprised to learn about yourself? 
If you created a new wrestling move, what would you call it? 
What do you wish you knew more about? 
What is definitely a thing of the past?
What would make you laugh out loud right now? 
What is one thing you do to make the world better? 
What is a strange substitute for toilet paper? 
What is something you're glad you stopped doing? 
What is a weird question to ask a police officer? 
What word best describes the mood you're in right now? 
What is something most people don't know about you? 
What skill does one of your friends or relatives have that you wish you had? 
In what situation are you pretty much useless? 
What would you like your great grandchildren to know about you? 
What is one thing all children and adults can agree on? 
What should you be taught in elementary school? 
WHat could someone do that would make you think that person in crazy? 
If you were moving homes, what is one thing you would not take with you? 
What tow things do not go well together? 
What would you do if you were the last person on Earth? 
What would be a great annual tradition? 
What is your biggest pet peeve? 
Where would you definitely not mind wearing a mask? 
What seemingly mundane thing in life amazes you? 
What is something you would happily pay $100 for right now? 
What musical instrument would you love to master? 
What would you rather be doing right now? 
What is not something you want to stare at? 
How would you like people to greet you from now on?
What often makes you anxious? 
What famous person do you know almost nothing about? 
What is something that benefits everyone? 
What or who can you not believe is so popular? 
What is the worst thing you can do to a friend? 
What is/was te best thing about your family? 
whom or what would you arm yourself with if you were going into battle?
What scares you most about walking around your neighborhood at night? 
What could you never imagine buying? 
What would make life so much better? 
Where would you build your dream home? 
What is a terrible name for a kids' summer camp? 
What is a terrible name for a child that you have heard? 
What is a great thing about being really short? 
What is the worst reason to be fired from your job? 
What would the worst teacher every give as a homework assignment? 
What is something you would never play with? 
What a terrible punishment? 
If you had to smell like one thing for the rest of you life, what would you choose? 
What activity definitely requires someone's help? 
What job would you be really go at? 
If you could make any food item grow on trees, what would you choose? 
What do you want to be when you grow up? 
If you could be a member of any TV family, what family would you choose? 
What is a silly thing to lie about? 
What should every kid learn before going to college?
What is a strange but effective way to get in better shape? 
What is a terrible adjective to describe someone's personality? 
What is the best movie to watch in a movie theatre? 
What sounds like a really boring place to visit? 
What do you spend way too much time thinking about? 
What are you never too lazy to do? 
If you traveled around the U.S., what would be the #1 thing/place on your itinerary? 
What is a strange alternative to using toothpaste? 
Who is the very definition of "cool"?
Why might someone not get along with you? 
What do you hope to do when you're older? 
What would you like to throw repeatedly at a brick wall? 
What is one thing that made you cry? 
Whose name is probably not listed in your phone's contacts? 
What would people be surprised to see you wearing? 
What word or phrase best describes your dancing skills?
What would you never name your child? 
What would be a difficult present to wrap?
What is not an appetizing name for a menu item? 
What is something you would never think to eat? 
If you were plotting a master heist, what would you steal?
What activity is difficult to perform in the dark? 
If you invented a new car, what would be its distinguishing feature? 
Where is a terrible place to relax? 
What is a great thing to have in a hangout room?
What do you enjoy looking at? 
What would you never expect to see a dog doing? 
What is the scariest thing you would ever consider doing? 
What do you hope you'll never need? 
What superpower is not very super? 
What is a silly thing to brag about?
What is a strange thing to borrow from a neighbor? 
What is not something a kid should bring to show-and-tell? 
What have you done many times in your life? 
What is a terrible nickname someone might give you? 
What one object in your home are you most embarrassed to own? 
What is a huge waste of time? 
What is a terrible name for  anew perfume? 
What would you not want to carry on a 10-mile hike? 
What is a great name for a scary movie? 
If you owned a funeral home, what would be your company slogan? 
What is your greatest hidden talent? 
What is something you always wanted as a kid? 
What two things would you hate to juggle? 
What do you think will be the next popular catch phrase? 
If you had to donate one part of your body to someone, what would it be? 
