If you were to develop a new deoderant, what would you call it?
How many countries have you traveled to?
What is your favorite event in the Summer Olympics?
What fad did you pick up that you are most embarrassed about?
If you could be a member of any TV-sitcom family, which would it be?
What is you favorite thing about your country?
If you had to lose one of the five senses, which would you lose?
What would be a fun new hobby?
If you were to wipe one country off the map, which would you choose?
What musical instrument have you always aspired to play?
What is the worst piece of clothing someone can wear?
If you could be a contestant on any game show, which one would you choose?
What is the best reason to go to college?
If you had to bet your life on one prediction, what would you predict?
What one thing do you doubt can be found on other planets?
What television show have you surprisingly never seen?
If every activity were an Olympic sport, what would you win the gold in?
What is something you have never been able to do?
Where is the safest place in the world?
What is/was your favorite thing to do in the summer?
If you could bungee jump anywhere in the world, where would you choose?
What would be a great name for a new weight loss invention?
Who is you favorite Star Wars character?
What is one thing you refuse to share?
If you could be an expert on one current event, what would it be?
What one feud will never die?
What pet would be difficult to keep on a leash?
What job on the set of a movie is best suited for your personality?
If you could create a superstore for one tihng, what would it be?
Where would be the worst place to sleep for the night?
What is the most amazing scientific discovery in the last twenty years?
What is one thing in your bathroom that you could not throw away?
If you could have anyone as your personal servant, who would it be?
Who is the most likely person to rip you off?
What book do you frequently recommend to people?
If someone were spying on you, what embarassing fact would they discover?
What favor should never be asked of someone?
What one commercial product are you totally loyal to?
What makes you laugh uncontrollably?
If you were a farmer, what would be your most abundant crop?
What neighbory responsibility should always be accepted?
What is your favorite Girl Scouts cookie?
What makes you comfortable?
If there were crumbs found in your kitched, what were they probably from?
What is your most common ailment?
What in NOT the meaning of life?
If one animal became illegal for food consumption, which one would you want it to be?
What will be the next company to go out of business?
What is the best occasion to throw a party?
What do you hope to learn tomorrow?
If you could claim authorship of one book, what would it be?
What ceremonial even should never be left out of a proper wedding?
What is the worst feature someone can have?
What important thing have you done that went unrecognized?
Who would be the worst person to share a bed with?
What widespread epidemic is being largely overlooked?
What movie should have been a lot funnier?
What movie was simply made to make you cry?
If you could give anyone a big hug, who would it be?
What do you consider the 'breakfast of champions'?
What are you most amazed by when you look at a world map?
If you were to change your first name what would you change it to?
What should every parent teach his or her children?
What is your favorite thing about the beach?
What is way too dangerous for you to ever try?
If you could buy one object to complete you home, what would it be?
What two adjectives can be attributed to our current president?
What do you consider the most important function of government?
If you could own one infomercial product, what would it be?
Write down any company's slogan.
What cheese is unacceptable on pizza?
What frightens you?
What would make a peaceful man go insane?
What kind of street performer is the least entertaining?
What is a good dded that you typically do on a daily basis?
If you could have a summer internship anywhere, where would you choose?
What is the strangest home remedy you every heard about? (If you can't think of something, just make one up.)
What is your favorite thing to do on a motorboat?
When do you always exercise caution?
If you could have a beautiful portait of any person, who would you choose?
What word do you associate with Wall Street?
What movie has the best soundtrack?
What do you get enthusiastic about?
If somebody told you to start driving, where would you end up?
What is the scariest scene you remember from a kid's movie?
What is one thing you are never shy about?
If you were a wizard, how would you exploit your powers?
If you started a secret society what would you call it?
What is the worst thing about living in a tropical paradise?
What is absolutely necessary in order for you to fall asleep?
If you were to write an advice columnist, what would be the topic of your letter?
What word do you associate with surfing?
What is your favorite form of pasta?
What healthy habit are you glad you have?
If you could inspect one thing under a microscope, what would it be?
What would be a greate name for a typical, but fictional, action movie?
What is one thing at which you are a natural?
If you could upgrade one electronic item you own, what would it be?
What occupation do you think will be a relic of the past in ten years?
What is one risk you are not willing to take?
If you had to donate your life savings to one celebrity, who would it be?
What is one thing you would never sell?
What one rule in life do you frequently disregard?
If you were at a barbecue, what is the first thing you would throw on your plate?
When do you know someone is exceptionally smart?
What movie character freaks you out?
What car is way too obnoxious to drive?
What is the best present you have received in the past six months?
What would complete your outfit right know?
What is the first word you ever said?
What are you always amused by?
What do people do too much of today?
What do you consider yourself a worthy critic of?
Whose whereabouts would you like to know of?
What is the most useless major in college?
What candy are you most likely to have in a bowl on your coffee table?
If you could have your mailbox shaped as any object, what would you choose?
What advancement do you think the Space Program should have made by now?
What is your favorite kind of nut?
What allows you to sleep at night?
If you could read one person's diary, whose would it be?
What activity would you get up for at sunrise?
If you could possess one animal-like quality, what would it be?
What is your favorite quality of any one person playing right now?
When do you feel undue pressure the most?
If youcould set your alarm clock for an ideal time, what would it be?
In what part of the world would you hate to be by yourself?